---
type: session
tags: dnd
campaign: "Dal Glug's Awakening"
location: the fields, logor
date: 19-May-2022
created: 2022-09-16 16:45:13 -07:00
updated: 2022-09-22 20:48:02 -07:00
---
# Frogs Campaign S1E22
## **Dal Glug's Awakening**
*< [[Frogs Campaign S1E21]] | [[Frogs Campaign S1E23]] >*

### Last time


### Session Summary


### Log
_**END OF LONG REST**_ Morning after the fight. Things that are conjured can have a limit on how far they can be, but the more powerful the magic, the further they can go. Very powerful magic can go as they please. We can either take the road to [[Logor]], or we can cut across the northwestern side of the fields. Four days on the road, two using the shortcut.

_**TO THE SHORTCUT**_ We descend and get to the bottom of the mountain, and reach a flat portion where it is no longer snowy. As we're walking past [[The Fields]], we get a view of the fields, but there are large bumps covering the whole thing. 30-40 feet tall, circular chunks sticking out of the ground. [[Draxus]] recognizes that this is done in a magical way - there are hundreds or more of these things. [[Draxus]] and [[Palu]] get a closer look - as they get to the top of one, they see thousands and thousands of them. They are relatively uniform, but there is a bit of variation. There are pieces of rubble, rock, and broken stone on top and in between the mounds. Everything is massively overgrown. [[Draxus]] tries to dig, but finds nothing. It's getting dark... [[Palu]] points out smoke coming from one of the mounds.

_**GROUP OF PEOPLE**_ Big man rummaging in the cart, skinny man is cooking, some other people are around. We weigh out options of going down there to talk to them or walking away. [[Glacialmaw]] walks up to them and introduces himself with a thick giant accent - he then replies in Giant. He is from [[Parid Glenn]], then introduces his family. Himself as [[Gregory Gorbach]]. [[Gregory Gorbach|Gregory]] offers us some food, then promptly requires that the skinny one serve us all some beef stew. [[Darius]] is his servant. [[Gregory Gorbach|Gregory]] has seen the mounds before but he doesn't know much of anything about them. [[Trenmere Village]] is a small, quaint village - mostly just a market with some caves around. They have several things sold there - mostly things pulled from the cave: gemstones, etc. [[Bowen Marsh]] is quite close to the coast, best visited for fishing markets, treacherous marsh so not often traveled to. The [[Towering Forest]] - there was a forgotten Giant city, hasn't been found in a long time. The trees are so tall, easy to lose track of time. The [[Northern Bird]] is a specialized sect of the [[Guild]]. The [[Northern Bird]] is the largest guild HQ in the western [[Wishbones]]. [[Glacialmaw]], [[Draxus]], [[Palu]], and [[Kothvush]] make their way to the other campsite. We wake [[Darius]] and start talking to him. [[Draxus]] attempts to break the chain the binds [[Darius]] - and it's very loud. As the chain breaks, [[Gregory Gorbach|Gregory]] emerges from the cart and asks what's going on. [[Glacialmaw]] stabs him. His kids wake up and come around the corner, screaming and bleeding out on the ground. [[Palu]] intimidates the children, who all wet their pants and start running away. [[Draxus]] lightning lures a child, who then collapses but is still breathing. [[Glacialmaw]] murders grandma with a swift throat cutting. [[Darius]] heard there was some type of massacre here - the whole place is haunted.

_**EBU'S DREAM**_ There's an enormous city, similar to where we are, that's burning. The sky behind the ash is blood red. [[Ebu Tart]] turns to the rest of the party, with a hungry look on her face, and she seems to be considering biting one of the party members.

_**CURIOSITY**_ [[Palu]] is curious about the height of trauma in the children, so she heads over to [[Gregory Gorbach|Gregory]]'s campsite. They see her coming - as she approaches, she notices that the entire family is packing their stuff, with [[Gregory Gorbach|Gregory]] groaning in pain. [[Palu]] offers her condolences to the family, but they just look at her, with terrified looks on their faces. [[Palu]] begins to walk away, but then casts _[[Sleep]]_ on the family. They all collapse. [[Palu]] wakes [[Draxus]], brings him over, and [[Palu]] begins [[Detect Thoughts|detecting the thoughts]] of the children.

_**CHILDREN THOUGHTS**_ The children are all dreaming the same dream of horrible monsters coming and murdering their entire family. The monsters resemble the party, coincidentally enough...

_**LONG REST**_ The family is heading back towards Logor.

_**MORNING**_ [[Ebu Tart|Ebu]] and [[Virahck]] mentions concerns that we continue murdering people... We start heading towards [[Logor]].

_**WE ARRIVE IN LOGOR**_ It's late-evening. The roads are pretty empty, but there are still a decent number of people around - probably 50 or 60. [[Glacialmaw]] goes to sleep by the road by himself. Tavern might be our best bet to start looking for [[Urgon Walfa|Urgon]].

_**THE SWEATY SOLE**_
[[The Sweaty Sole]]
We pop in to the Tavern. People are preeetty drunk. Many elves and dwarves. We ask about [[Urgon Walfa|Urgon]] - the barkeep recognizes the name, and knows him. He quite likes to drink. He has been here two times in the last month, which is unusual because he is generally gone for months at a time, but this time he was acting strangely. He's a very no nonsense, he's one of the primary ways we get platinum. He returned about 5 days after he left, and his hair was matted, he was filthy, at people and things that weren't there. He would always end everything that he said with a question: "what happened in [[The Fields|the fields]]?" He stayed for longer this time, maybe a week, and by the end of the week, that was the only thing he would say. His skin turned dark and gray, seemed to flake off, even a slight breeze would blow away pieces of his skin. I saw him the day before he left, or rather disappeared, and he looked very weak, sickly. That was about two weeks ago - he just vanished in the middle of the night. I fear he may be dead. The Barkeep pulls out a mirror with a frame of carved bones that look like vines and leaves. [[Draxus]] hands the mirror to [[Virahck]]. The mirror seems like a hand mirror, but it's like the size of [[Glacialmaw]]'s head - 14 inches or something. There is an inscription around the edge that looks like a banner carved in the leaves, it's in a language that [[Virahck]] doesn't know. He gets some weird vibes from the mirror. [[Virahck]] looks directly into the mirror. [[Virahck]]'s reflection seems to start moving separately from him. It locks eyes with you again and smiles before disappearing. [[Virahck]] drops the mirror and takes a step back. Draxus picks up the mirror and hands it to [[Darius]]. He looks into the mirror and starts to say something, but trails off when he stares into the mirror. He shakes his head then puts it down quickly. "I don't know what I saw, but I do not like that."

_**BAD VIBES**_ [[Virahck]] tells us what he saw. If it weren't for the stone experience, he would've thrown the mirror across the room. [[Draxus]] looks into the mirror and sees something similar. The barkeep speaks up: As much as we like [[Urgon Walfa|Urgon]], I thought something bad had happened. Another villager began acting strangely like he did just days after he left. Her name is [[Tulsi]], staying at the inn. She shut me down and requested that she die in peace. I worry whatever this is, might be contagious. If it spreads to the rest of the settlement, it could be catastrophic. We haven't had too many visitors recently. I can get someone to show you to [[Urgon Walfa|Urgon]] and [[Tulsi]]'s rooms.

_**THE WELL RESTED PARAKEET**_ The door to [[Urgon Walfa|Urgon]]'s room opens to a dark room with a messy bed, cold fireplace, mounted head of a [[Yeti]] is above the fireplace, a small table in the middle of the room is covered with dirty dishes and a small chair beside it. Empty shelves with their contents scattered across the floor. It looks like it was trashed on purpose. We get the idea that someone was searching for something. We offer to rent the room, but they state payment isn't necessary because [[Urgon Walfa|Urgon]] has already paid for the room. [[Virahck]] will stay and clean up while [[Palu]], [[Draxus]], and [[Kothvush]] go to speak with [[Tulsi]]. [[Virahck]] looks in the backpack - there are lumps of platinum, a healthy pack of [[Ploracco]]. He moves onto the book - it is more dwarven smut in pristine condition. There's a bookmark in there. [[Virahck]] is tired, but goes down to get a drink.

_**TULSI'S ROOM**_ The rest of us are led to a different floor, to [[Tusli]]'s room. She tells us to go away. We attempt to convince her to chat with us. She opens the door. Behind the door is a very short dwarf with long hair, she has the same gray and ashy skin that was described by the barkeep. She seems pretty suspicious - asks if we're affiliated with anybody. We explain our situation trying to look for [[Urgon Walfa|Urgon]]. I'll tell you the truth... I don't know [[Urgon Walfa|Urgon]] personally. I only know that something happened to him and now it's happening to me. I came to [[Logor]] a few years ago and have lived around. Originally from [[Parid Glenn]], we both work for a collective called the [[Northern Bird]], sent to the village to keep an eye out for potential treasures from rarely explored parts of the [[Wishbones]]. We saw an opportunity to get some of those treasures from [[Urgon Walfa|Urgon]]. He sold his goods to an antique shop called [[Ulcer's Curiosity]] - we broke in and stole all of them. I gave the things we stole to my sister, but I did keep this: a jewel encrusted dagger. The rest of the stuff is with my sister in [[Crockpot Cave]]. I did search in [[Urgon Walfa|Urgon]]'s room for any way to cure me. [[Draxus]] pulls out the mirror and shows Tulsi. She doesn't recognize it. It reminds her of some of the things that she did steal though. When [[Draxus]] mentions the world field, she says "What happened in [[The Fields|the fields]]?" directly on cue. She thinks she's going to die here - [[Draxus]] agrees.

_**BACK TO URGON'S**_ There's probably something buried in the fields. We decide to go to [[Ulcer's Curiosity|Ulcers]] in the morning to see what was sold in the first place.